---
title: "The Cure"

categories:
  - writing

tags:
  - Kind Fools

excerpt: "A running brook, stones untouched Two sides of a coin, as such I question luck"

author:
  name             : Tyliyah
  avatar           : # "/assets/images/"
  bio              : "To my sisters and my brother and I love you infinitely."
  location         : "Buffalo, NY"
  links:
    - label: "Instagram"
      icon: "fab fa-fw fa-instagram"
      url: "https://instagram.com/sunwillrise716"

---

## Written at WRITE ON!

[Written at WRITE ON!](/writtenat/) is a series of articles written by participants during a [WRITE ON! workshop](/writeon), and shared with the community.

Tyliyah wrote this during Kind Fools' sixteenth
WRITE ON! workshop.

## The Cure

The truth is I am my sisters'
guardian spiritually and legally

My job is to keep them safe and be a guide<br>
I like to think this is a job that was assigned
to me before I was born<br>
Before I even knew I had a sister,
but it's a job I'll happily take over and over again<br>

To tell the truth I'm kind of like a mother.
I am Mommy Jr as my mother has jokingly called me for years<br>

To tell the truth this is a generational curse that skipped a generation<br>
My mother's mother was her siblings guardian<br>
I wonder if her mother's mother was her siblings guardian<br>
I hope the curse ends here with me<br>
I hope my children's children aren't appointed
to be their siblings guardian<br>
I hope the next generation after me are able to
allow their children to be children,
to not have to be another Mommy Jr<br>
This curse ends here with me... hopefully<br>

To tell the truth I fear this will never end<br>
I fear that my descendants will have to grow up too
fast and show up in ways they're honestly not supposed to<br>

To tell the truth I can only worry about me and hope
the work I do reaches the future<br>
Changes the trajectory<br>
Breaks this generational curse<br>

I have no idea what the future holds<br>


<br>
Do you want to write with us?
:    Please join us for an upcoming Kind Fools' **[WRITE ON! workshop](/writeon/).**

Do you want to read your WRITE ON! writings here?
: Please **[submit your piece](/submit/).**
