---
title: "The Pack"

categories:
  - writing

tags:
  - Kind Fools

excerpt: " Grief’s confidence and presence are unquestionable.
The only way out is through and Grief will come through with you."

author:
  name             : Kirtan Dancer
  avatar           : # "/assets/images/"
  bio              : "Kirtan Dancer is an engaged participant in WRITE ON"
  location         : "Buffalo, NY"

---

## Written at WRITE ON!

[Written at WRITE ON!](/writtenat/) is a series of articles written by
participants during a [WRITE ON! workshop](/writeon),
and shared with the community.

Kirtan Dancer wrote this during Kind Fools' WRITE ON! workshop in April 2023.


## The Pack

Writing workshops work on wrangling the wild horses of my inner
landscape on paper.

The horses don't like to be wrangled. "*We can't be boxed in,*"
they say. Yet the writer says, "*Just trust me. It's all temporary.
I'm not here to box you in, but to challenge in expressions that 
may be unfamiliar.*”

The leader of the pack today is **Grief**, right by their side is 
**Dissociation** and **Shame**.

**Grief** trots on with a weighted blanket on its back, and a multitude 
of colors that no one can ignore. Towering over the rest of the 
pack, **Grief** leaves no room for doubt who would be triumphant 
if one was dumb enough to challenge them to a scuffle. But sheer 
size and strength are not all it takes, **Grief**’s confidence and 
presence are unquestionable. The only way out is through and 
**Grief** will come through with you.

**Dissociation** comes with the hollow thousand-yard stare and a 
graying mane.

**Shame** is a bit smaller but quicker than the other two, riding 
with an unshakable/wavering chaos. Their mane glistens on the 
sunrays, enticing onlookers to its snare-ridden saddle.

They ride not for any particular destination or aim but because 
it's movement. It's all movement, flowing like an endless cascade 
of tributaries into creeks, rivers and oceans, clouds and rain.

The inner landscape keeps moving and the horses keep finding 
the pastures that suit them and their diet best.

**Shame** thrives in larger packs, where it circles the vulnerable 
and open hearted. They feast on the chaos and conflict and is 
validated by the pits they dig themselves only to act shocked 
when others trip and fall.

**Dissociation** prefers the dark desert nights numbing themselves 
on their own dying hunger. They get validated by the loneliness 
that they sought out in their mistrust and flight from the others.
They will spend many nights or weeks in the forsaken wasteland.

Unless, **Grief**, love, trust and compassion rally the pack, **Dissociation** 
would stay out there to take its dying breath, but that day is 
yet to come, and **Grief** comes to the wasteland to say, "*Thank 
you for your protection.*"

While many others scoff, judge, or are frustrated with **Dissociation**,
there are those who understand with compassion and gratitude. 
**Grief** towers over the pack, cloaked in its weighted blanket that 
masks a bright beating heart of love.

<br>
Do you want to write with us?
:    Please join us for an upcoming Kind Fools' **[WRITE ON! workshop](/writeon/).**

Do you want to read your WRITE ON! writings here?
: Please **[submit your piece](/submit/).**
