---
title: "Untitled"

categories:
  - writing

tags:
  - Kind Fools

excerpt: "Where I’ve met something that is all too familiar. 
          Existing in one breath, only to be gone in the next."

author:
  name             : Ryan-Alexis James
  avatar           : # "/assets/images/"
  bio              : "A fellow wanderer, sharing from the heart :).
                      Thank you for seeing me."
  location         : "Buffalo, NY"
  links:
    - label: "Instagram"
      icon: "fab fa-fw fa-instagram"
      url: "https://instagram.com/ryan.is.art"

---

## Written at WRITE ON!

[Written at WRITE ON!](/writtenat/) is a series of articles written by participants during a [WRITE ON! workshop](/writeon), and shared with the community.

Ryan-Alexis James wrote this during Kind Fools' January 16, 2024
WRITE ON! workshop.

## Untitled

It's quite simple really...<br>
Let it go.<br>
Let it all go and watch it all come back<br>
Somehow transformed into something new<br>
The parts of you who knew not before<br>
Cleansed of all the<br>
Harsh. Cold. Shame. Doubt.

They are but yours to keep<br>
But also, never belonging to one point in time.<br>
If life is a paradox, I hope it’s a brave one.<br>
Bold. Brilliant. Terrifying enough to not make sense of<br>
Only to set your soul on fire and bring it closer to a place called home. 

I took it there. I left it there.<br>
Lingering in this life.<br>
The deja vu, as some may call it.<br>
Past times remembered.<br>
The meaning of it all.

That somehow<br>
Through significance, it’s not all so meaningless<br>
That: to touch a snowflake upon your tongue before it melts<br>
Is! An intimate experience.<br>
Treasure it deeply. For none are quite the same.<br>
That is life.<br>
Those are moments between here and there.<br>
Where I’ve met something that is all too familiar.<br>
Existing in one breath, only to be gone in the next.

I meet myself again for the first time.<br>
Unbeknownst to me.<br>
I have forgotten that I seem to remember everything.<br>
Quite the same as before.<br>
Nothing moves, but I do.<br>
To leave behind the mess I’ve made<br>
And in the midst of it<br>
I find<br>
Maybe it all makes sense now.

None of it meant being where I was forever.<br>
Weird shit starts happening when I overstay my welcome.


<br>
Do you want to write with us?
:    Please join us for an upcoming Kind Fools' **[WRITE ON! workshop](/writeon/).**

Do you want to read your WRITE ON! writings here?
: Please **[submit your piece](/submit/).**
