---
title: "Full Stop"

categories:
  - writing

tags:
  - Kind Fools

excerpt: "the only thing I can do about fear is be prepared
          for it and keep a light on in myself"

author:
  name             : "Maggie Batt"
  avatar           : # "/assets/images/"
  bio              : ""
  location         : "Buffalo, NY"

---

## Written at WRITE ON!

[Written at WRITE ON!](/writtenat/) is a series of articles written
by participants during a [WRITE ON! workshop](/writeon),
and shared with the community.

Maggie Batt wrote this during Kind Fools' July 11, 2024 WRITE ON!
at CAO's Masten Resource Center.

## Full Stop. 

To tell the truth would be to say<br>
It was beautiful to hear from you.<br>
To see your name pop up on my screen<br>
And your words written in such an inviting way.

The truth would be to say<br>
That my heart lit up — it's been so long since I've seen you<br>
And I knew with a quick exchange,<br>
I could see you again. 

But if I'm telling the truth...<br>
I would say it also brought up hurt.<br>
Because the reason we stopped talking<br>
is because you ghosted.<br>
My last message went unopened.<br>
Or maybe you read it...?<br>
But I'd never know it.

If I'm telling the truth,<br>
That sobered me quickly.<br>
The high slowly faded when I asked what had happened.<br>
You sound so surprised <br>
And act like you're confused.<br>
You say you "never saw it"—<br>
And quickly pay another compliment.

But if I'm telling the truth,<br>
I know you just didn't.<br>
And I won't pretend<br>
I didn't notice. 

There's a younger version of me that would.<br>
I'd see the best in you and of the situation.<br>
I'd accept your explanation<br>
And flutter at your flattery.

But this older version won't.<br>
Her wounds made her wiser.<br>
I won't accept lies in the name of love —<br>
Even if it means being "alone."<br>
Because if I'm telling the truth, <br>
That alone isn't lonely — in fact, it's lovely.<br>
And far more fantastic<br>
Than the mental gymnastics <br>
I'd perform keeping up with your stories.

<br>
Do you want to write with us?
:    Please join us for an upcoming Kind Fools' **[WRITE ON! workshop](/writeon/).**

Do you want to read your WRITE ON! writings here?
: Please **[submit your piece](/submit/).**

